Assignment Questions 

1. Assignment Questions 

1. Who developed Python Programming Language? 

    Guido van Rossum
 
2. Which type of Programming does Python support? 

   Python support three programming paradigms: Imperative, Functional, and Object-Oriented .

3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers? 

   Yes, Python is a case-sensitive language, i.e., it treats uppercase and lowercase characters differently.
   This applies to identifiers too. You must avoid using the same name with different cases while naming identifiers.

4. What is the correct extension of the Python file? 

   .py
   
5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted? 

   Python is an interpreted language, which means the source code of a Python program is converted into
   bytecode that is then executed by the Python virtual machine.
   
6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language? 

   a module, a function body, and a class definition.
   
7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?

   We can write a single-line comment by adding a single # character before any statement or line of code.

8.Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on? 

  The function sys. version can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on.
  It also contains information on the build number and compiler used. For example, 3.5.
 
9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called 

   Python supports to make anonymous functions which are not bound to a name(@ runtime).
   It uses a construct called "lambda" .
   
10. What does pip stand for python? 

    Developed in 2008, pip (an acronym of “pip Install Packages”) is today the standard tool for installing
    Python packages and their dependencies in a secure manner. Most recent distributions of Python come with
    pip preinstalled. Python 2.7. 9 and Python 3.4 and later versions include pip by default.
    
11. Mention a few built-in functions in python? 

    bin(),bool(),bytearray()
    
12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python? 

    79 characters
    
13. What are the benefits of using Python? 

    Python programming language is a general-purpose, interpreted, and high-level language that mainly offers
    code readability. It is largely used by professional programmers and developers across a variety of fields, 
    including Web Development and Machine Learning.
    
14. How is memory managed in Python? 

    Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures.
    
15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?

    In the section entitled User Variables, double-click on the entry that says Path. Another window will pop up showing a list of paths.
    Click the New button and paste the path to your Python executable there. Once that's inserted, select your newly added path and click 
    the Move Up button until it's at the top.

16. Is indentation required in python? 




    Indentation refers to the spaces at the beginning of a code line. Where in other programming languages the indentation
    in code is for readability only, the indentation in Python is very important. Python uses indentation to indicate a 
    block of code.
    

